1.	It is required that the memory allocation for Hyper-V is configured by setting the startup RAM to a static value rather than configuring it as Dynamic Memory. It is also recommended that the Memory weight be set to High to ensure that the virtual machine is given priority by Hyper-V.
2.	The number of Virtual Processors is set using the Number of Virtual Processors setting. Corresponding to this, the Virtual Machine Reserve Percentage should be set in accordance with the values in the table. Note that this represents Mitel&apos;s recommended Virtual Processor and Reserve Percentage based on a 2.0 GHz processor. The percentage allocation can be varied depending on processor speed, but the GHz reservations must remain consistent and the number of vCPUs should also remain consistent with what Mitel recommends.
3.	While there is a small difference in the measurements made for Network I/O and IOPS on Hyper-V, the numbers measured for ESXi generally apply and can be used as a reference when deploying Mitel applications on Hyper-V. See “VMware required resource reservation and allocation"
4.	Hyper threading is recommended for optimal performance.
5.	The numbers are only applicable for this application. Any additional applications would require additional resources.
6.	Inclusion of MPA and/or iCall Suite as a Blade with MiVB increases the RAM requirement over the MiVoice Business without MPA. See the Hyper-V resource requirements table above for details.
7.	In Heavy User/Bursty Traffic (for example, mass login/registration) resource definition improvements, large deployments of MiCollab (2500 users and 5000 users) might experience slowness in registration or web access following a system outage. This response can be noticeable or troublesome to the users. The MiCollab operational resource may need to be increased to the values referred in the table. For more information, refer to MiCollab Engineering Guidelines and MiVoice Border Gateway Engineering Guidelines
8.	Enterprise and Large Enterprise MiCollab deployments require a stand-alone MBG

